# SeKKi
SeKKi is a personalized voice -operated Desktop Assistant. He excel in various fields such as - launching applications or website, can perform searches on any website, can take a screenshot, play music from your existing library ( and many more features to be updated). Hope you like spending time with SeKKi >u&lt;

## Why would you need seKKi?
SeKKi is an intelligent virtual assistant (IVA) or intelligent personal assistant (IPA) is a software agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual based on commands or questions. The term "chatbot" is sometimes used to refer to virtual assistants generally or specifically accessed by online chat. In some cases, online chat programs are exclusively for entertainment purposes. Some virtual assistants are able to interpret human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants questions, control home automation devices and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks such as email, to-do lists, and calendars with verbal (spoken?) commands. A similar concept, however with differences, lays under the dialogue systems.The capabilities and usage of virtual assistants are expanding rapidly, with new products entering the market and a strong emphasis on both email and voice user interfaces.

## What would you learn from this Project?
Since we know  Apple and Google have large installed bases of users on smartphones. Microsoft has a large installed base of Windows-based personal computers, smartphones and smart speakers. Amazon has a large install base for smart speakers. Conversica has over 100 million engagements via its email and sms interface Intelligent Virtual Assistants for business. So, why not we create a friend for ourselfs since the merits of having a personalised voice operated assistant is unbounded.

